I'll take judo seriously.
But at the same time...
I'll continue to tease my Senpai.
Do you want everything you desire?
Of course!
Although he's not my boyfriend...
I've figured it out.
What is it?
This art room is the love
nest of Senpai and the evil girl.
Nest?
Senpai and the evil girl have
secretly developed a forbidden love.
No! That's not the case.
But because you are on a different path,
the love nest was forced to disband.
Huh?
What are you going to do now?
Even if you say that...
It has to be Senpai who captures it.
Capture what?
Love!
Huh?
As Sanae said before,
love is something you have to pursue.
Bucho...
Indeed, that sounds like what she'd say.
Don't care if this is love or not...
Don't care?
Although I feel a little lonely too...
What should I do?
Isn't it obvious?
Huh?
It's a date!
A date?
Date... Date!
(Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro
2nd Attack)
(Will Senpai Feel Lonely Without Me by His Side?)
No way! We're not a couple.
How can we go on a date?
Well, we did go to the zoo together once.
But, we were there for sketching...
Anyway, if I were to ask Nagatoro
to go on a date...
How disgusting! You're my senpai,
why are you talking about a date?
Please have a little self-awareness!
It will just end with me
being teased like that.
You have so many doubts.
But unfortunately,
I don't know the answers.
Because I don't know what love is.
Huh? Sorry.
I'm not pressuring you...
It's quite late now.
Is it okay not to contact your family?
No problem.
Someone is coming to fetch me.
Really? That's great.
B-Bucho...
I haven't seen you for a while, Hachiouji.
Long time no see, Bucho.
You seem to have a bad mood.
Is something bothering you?
No, it's nothing.
She is still as perceptive as ever!
Things always get complicated
when it comes to Bucho.
It's better not to talk about it.
Oh, by the way, how are things
going with your university?
After his love nest with
the evil girl is disbanded,
they are now in a crisis of breaking up.
The only way to break
the situation is through dating.
I see.
I understand the situation now.
There's only one thing you can do.
You have to listen to your own will.
My own will...
Well then, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Thank you for your help.
Sunomiya, thank you too.
Explain everything to me later.
Things have gotten complicated.
It seems like the judo club
is still practising.
Let me wait for her for a while.
Senpai!
You've worked hard.
Yes, you've worked hard too.
Huh? Are you...
Are you waiting for me?
Huh, no!
I just passed by and
thought to take a break here.
Huh, why does your gaze
drift away from me?
What's wrong with that?
'What's wrong with that?'
- How gross you are saying it like that!
- Ouch, that hurts!
Sigh. It's been tough for you
to be pushed around so much.
Yes, that's quite tough.
Um, I mean pushed around
in a non-sexual way.
I know.
How's everything going, senpai?
Hasn't that little bunny-girl
been bothering you?
We're doing well with the drawing.
Sunomiya is working hard
on her drawings too.
Are you guys working hard
towards any erotic direction?
Like a nude model or something.
No, not at all.
Sigh.
That's boring not being able to
play around with Senpai casually now.
Don't simply play around with me.
Senpai.
Won't you feel lonely without me around?
Hmm... A little, I guess?
Huh? What do you mean?
Don't hide your feeling.
- You're disgusting.
- Ouch, that hurts.
If we were in the same grade,
I could quickly play around
with you during the break.
It would cause trouble
for those around us.
Sigh, it would be great if there was
a place where we could stay together,
other than the club room.
It's a date!
Listen to your own will.
For example...
I'm just giving an example.
What is that?
Is there any place
you want to go during the holidays?
A place?
A place that I want to go to?
That means...
I said it out.
Sanae-san, your bunny helmet is great.
Really?
A place that I want to go to?
That means...
Wait! That means...
Does that mean...
What do you mean?
Nothing. I was just asking randomly.
Oh, you're just asking randomly.
A place that I want to go to...
I want to go to Mount Everest!
Mount Everest?
K2 is fine too.
I always aim for the world's highest peak.
Senpai!
What about others?
That's true.
The African savannah!
I want to see lions up close.
You will die!
What else?
Antarctica!
I want to see penguins.
Others?
The Amazon rainforest.
Anything else?
Space!
Senpai, any place you
would like to go together?
- Huh?
- All of the places are inaccessible.
Places like the world's deepest trench,
Mariana Trench, are also okay.
I was just asking you randomly.
Just forget it.
But...
Somewhere nearer would be fine too.
Can you give an example?
That would be...
What would that be?
You figured it out yourself, Senpai.
But...
What's wrong with you? Are you testing me?
I'm not trying to test you.
A nearby... Nearby...
Like a movie theatre or something...
Hmm... That's just normal.
Sigh, as I expected.
No, it's not like that!
That's not bad also!
That's not bad!
I just hope it can be a bit more exciting.
Exciting...
For Nagatoro, movies
are probably quite boring.
Things that Nagatoro would be interest in...
Horse racing!
Go!
My pocket money for this month...
Hey, that's not a place for
high school students to go.
You're right.
I'm still ambiguous about
Nagatoro's preferences.
Your direction is pretty good.
After all, I like horses too.
Just a little more.
Do you mean picking somewhere
with animals is correct?
In Japan, a place with animals
and excitement would be...
A sudden inspiration?
Dog fighting!
Bite them!
We've come to a fork in the road.
Goodbye.
Hmm... Yeah...
I still couldn't invite her in the end.
But, I can't even guess a place
Nagatoro would want to go.
(The road ahead is under construction)
How dare I suggest a date!
I want to go see penguins.
Um...
How about going to an aquarium?
How about it? What am I doing?
What am I talking about this suddenly...
Sorry, I didn't mean anything...
What do you mean by that?
Nothing, how should I say it...
If you have something to say,
just say it clearly.
Follow your own will.
Aqua...
Aquarium...
Next weekend...
Do you want to go?
Oh, I said it.
Huh? Is it a date?
You're just a Senpai! You're annoying!
Okay!
Senpai.
It's unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
(Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro
2nd Attack)
Annoying!
Disgusting!
What songs are you singing?
It will sound better
if harmony is added here.
Yoshi! Come on, sing a song!
Huh!
- Annoying!
The harmony is not accurate enough! Again!
You're too excited.
- Annoying!
(Art Room)
Not paying attention...
What happened to you, senpai?
No, nothing...
It's a date!
After all, that's all
because of Sunomiya's words.
This weekend,
I'm going to the aquarium with Nagatoro.
Congratulations!
No, it's not like that!
I'm not sure
if it's something to celebrate.
It feels like I'm going to be teased by
her all day, and the date will end soon.
Congratulations on your date!
No, it's not a date!
It's just something to change my mood.
Senpai, the unpopular role model
is going on a date...
I have mixed feelings.
No, I told you that...
Even if the girl you date
is the evil girl...
I still feel a surge of emotion.
I shouldn't skip telling that much...
Anyway, thank you!
You're welcome.
Hey!
Hayacchi?
She's not looking at the outside world.
She was so excited earlier,
but then this happened.
A temperature difference
that will kill the peacock fish.
Come back!
Ah, Yoshi!
Hey.
Hey!
Do you want to go say hi to Senpai?
Since we have ended
the club activity earlier today.
Never mind.
Are you tend to ignore senpai?
No, that's not it!
You look...
Leaving something delicious for later!
To savour it
carefully later...
But now, you plan to put it aside!
This is not good.
Why?
You know it well.
Senpai is about to lose his virginity!
Huh!
Annoying!
Disgusting!
- Gross!
- We have to go warn Senpai!
Warning!
Hey yo!
Ey? Isn't Senpai here?
It's just me today.
Huh? Are you the legendary freshman?
New partner!
She's on guard.
Yoshi, you're too casual.
Huh?
Could it be...
The legendary...
Bad students...
We're friends
with Senpai and Nagatoro.
We're not strangers.
The gang of the evil girl!
So, where's Senpai?
Hachiouji-senpai went out
to get the art supplies.
Oh, I see.
I remember it's tomorrow, right? Day X.
What should we do?
Senpai is in crisis.
We have to monitor him now.
Oh yeah!
They're planning to interfere!
It will be nice
if you were a little bolder.
Sister, you go out!
Will my clothes look weird?
Hairstyle...
Shoes...
Smell...
Senpai.
Hey, Senpai.
Ah, um...
Senpai, where are you taking me today?
Are we going to a naughty place today?
No, I said we're going to the aquarium.
Huh? Are you going
to show me the garden eels?
How pervert you are!
What the perverted part is!
We'll protect Senpai's virginity!
Senpai's love...
I will protect.
The reflection point of today!
Senpai, what do you
have to reflect on today?
- Huh? Even though there are many things...
- Many things...
But, the important thing is that I want
to get to know Nagatoro a little better.
Disgusting! Don't be too cocky.
I'm not getting cocky.
Anyway, stay tuned for that!